feat: write unit test for switch and toggle button (#150)
consolelabs/websites: packages/components/switch/README.md

# @consolelabs/switch

The Switch component is used as an alternative between checked and not checked
states.

Please refer to the
[documentation](https://web-design-system-consolelabs.vercel.app/?path=/docs/ui-switch--docs)

> for more information.

Reviewer: For further details, visit our [Switch Documentation](https://web-design-system-consolelabs.vercel.app/?path=/docs/ui-switch--docs).

## Installation

```sh
pnpm i @consolelabs/switch
# or
yarn add @consolelabs/switch
```

## Contribution

> Yes please! See the [contributing guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome your contributions! For guidance on how to contribute, please refer to our [Contribution Guidelines](/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

# @consolelabs/switch

The Switch component is used as an alternative between checked and not checked
states.

Please refer to the
[documentation](https://web-design-system-consolelabs.vercel.app/?path=/docs/ui-switch--docs)
for more information.

## Installation

```sh
yarn add @consolelabs/switch
# or

> npm i @consolelabs/switch

Reviewer: prefer `pnpm`

```

## Contribution

> <!-- TODO: Add contributing guidelines -->

Reviewer: refer to the root CONTRIBUTING.md
